# dBnk Whitepaper
#### ***Authored by Jared Rice Sr.***
#### ***Created On: October 22nd, 2019***

## Abstract
For the decentralized web to present a powerful alternative to the centralized web, it will require a financial foundation that is also decentralized. While some will argue that cryptocurrency, along with cryptocurrency-based applications such as wallets, exchanges and merchant services effectively provide that foundation, none of them are truly decentralized, consumer friendly, built for mass adoption and/or designed as an all-encompassing financial building block for other decentralized applications (dApps).

dBnk, formerly known as [AriseBank](https://github.com/arisebank), is the world's first completely decentralized banking system and has been meticulously designed to bring its users a cryptocurrency-based banking experience that rivals that of the traditional fiat currency-based banking experiences of old. dBnk has all the necessary services (i.e. cryptocurrency exchange, merchant services, atms, etc) and development tools required to compete head-on with the globalist's central banking system, ultimately giving the people a true alternative to an antiquated financial system that was never intended to empower those who have historically depended upon it. 

dBnk is an ecosystem of completely decentralized financial applications where users within the ecosystem are always in control every single aspect of their financial holdings. As a matter of fact, dBnk is a robotic self-banking system, designed to empower people of all kinds to be their own bank, through an all-encompassing financial ecosystem that allows its users to effortlessly manage, earn and spend various digital currencies through the decentralized applications that directly integrate themselves with dBnk itself. dBnk will continually grow through the community's ability to continuously expand the ecosystem through dBnk's decentralized "Addon Marketplace", where dBnk addons like dExg (decentralized cryptocurrency exchange), dPay (decentralized cryptocurrency merchant services) and dATM (decentralized cryptocurrency auto teller machine) are already under development. That community involvement is crucial to dBnk's survival, considering dBnk is not a company, nor is it owned or operated by an entity of any kind. Instead dBnk is controlled by the people who use it, through several robotic systems that are designed to be controlled by its users, hence it's nickname -- "The People's Bank."

This whitepaper is not meant to market the dBnk application, instead it is a blueprint for creating the decentralized banks of the future. Our goal of creating a decentralized banking system has been attacked so many times by dependents of the central banking system, that it has become crucial that blueprints were laid out for the growing community of developers who are actively building it, along with many of its vital components. Together, we can build a decentralized world but first we must build a decentralized financial foundation that those within that world can trust and one that will certainly keep the alternatives to the decentralized systems of the future far more honest than they are today. So for all the confusion brought on by those central bank dependents for the past two years, it's important that we clear the air. dBnk isn't a bank, you are, nor will it ever be associated with anything that is related to the FDIC. In fact, we are the antithesis of the traditional banking system and a brighter future for banking altogether. A future where we bank on each other.

***"They can kick dirt in your face and dress you down and tell you that your place is in the middle, when they hate the way you shine. I see you tugging on your shirt, trying to hide inside of it and hide how much it hurts. Let em' laugh while they can. Let em' spin. Let em' scatter in the wind. I have been to the movies. I've seen this before and the joke is on them."***

**"The Joke" by Brandi Carlile**

**PLEASE NOTE: CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS REFERRED TO IN THIS WHITE PAPER REFER TO CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS LIKE BITCOIN, ETHEREUM, EOS, RSN AND OTHERS THAT ARE WHOLLY UNRELATED TO THE DBNK SOFTWARE OR DBNK DEVELOPERS. **

Copyright 2019 Peeps

Without permission, anyone may use, reproduce or distribute any material in this whitepaper for non-commercial and educational use (i.e, other than for a fee or for commercial purposes) provided that the original source and the applicable copyright notice are cited. 

**DISCLAIMER**: This dBnk Whitepaper is for information purposes only. Peeps does not guarantee the accuracy  of or the conclusions reached in this whitepaper, and this whitepaper is provided "as is". Peeps does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, whatsoever , including, but not limited to: (i) warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, suitability, usage, title or noninfringement; (ii) that the contents of this whitepaper are free from error; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe third-party rights. Peeps and its affiliates shall have no liability for damages of any kind arising out of the use, reference to, or reliance on this whitepaper or any of the content contained herein, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will Peeps or any of its affiliates be liable to any person or entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses of any kind, whether direct or indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive or special for the use of, reference to, or reliance on this whitepaper or any of the content contained herein, including without limitation, any loss of business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill or other intangible losses.

dBnk is not a company, a corporate formation of any kind, a for-profit organization or non-profit organization, a registered entity of any sort or an entity registered with any government of any country. dBnk is an "decentralized" web application that is hosted between peers of a "peer-to-peer network" and operated by the peers of that peer-to-peer network that use it. dBnk's project does not have a staff, a board or any governing body nor is dBnk operated by any one individual or entity. dBnk is not a "bank" as defined in the FCI act nor is it associated with the FDIC in any way. dBnk does not offer FDIC-insured accounts nor is it associated in any way with an FDIC-insured bank of any kind. "dBnk Addons" like dPay are not affiliated or integrated with VISA, Mastercard, American Express or Discover. dPay is its own payment network based on blockchain-technology and is completely unrelated to payment networks ran by companies like VISA, Mastercard, American Express or Discover. dBnk does not manage the digital assets of its users, rather, the users are the managers of their own digital assets through the facilities dBnk enables users to manage their digital assets through. dBnk does not have a single cryptocurrency or digital security associated with it, nor will it ever be associated with a cryptocurrency or digital security or digital commodity of any kind. Although dBnk is an app designed to act as a storage solution for the keys associated with cryptocurrency wallets and dBnk is wholly unrelated to any blockchains or cryptocurrencies or digital securities or digital commodities that it's integrated with. The public cannot invest in dBnk nor is there a cryptocurrency or token or an ICO associated with dBnk, although anyone can contribute their time and resources into the creation of dBnk and those contributions are welcomed by dBnk's community. Those who choose to contribute to the public and open source development of dBnk, must do so at their own risk and on their own accord, by willingly contributing code or by paying developers to contribute code to dBnk's public code repositories. Those outside investments have nothing to do with the founding developers of the dBnk vision or the dBnk community at-large and in no event shall Peeps or dBnk's founding developers have any liability for damages of any kind arising from the contributions or investments into the development of the dBnk project itself, nor shall they be liable to any person or entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses of any kind, whether direct or indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive or special for the use of, reference to or reliance on their personal contribution to the dBnk project, including any loss of business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill or other intangible losses. Those outside and external contributions  are given to those who are wholly unrelated to the dBnk project and do not involve dBnk in any way. dBnk founding developers and Peeps do not take investment or contributions of any sort nor are they capable of taking investment or contributions of any sort. Outside parties contribute to the project at their own risk.
